prepare for 3.2.4 ga release (#1998)
microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

# Version 3.2.4 GA
* Add play framework preview instrumentation [#1958](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/1958).
* Add span kind to sampling overrides [#1960](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/1960).

> * Don't send sampleRate 100, can reduce ingestion cost by not sending it [#1966](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/1966).

Reviewer: i don't think we need to mention this. @trask?

* Fix jackson initialization [#1984](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/1984).

> * Add url, name and fix operation name to request document in quick pulse sample telemetry [#1993](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/1993).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add url, name and fix operation name to request document in live metrics sample telemetry [#1993](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/1993).
```
